Executive Summary
We are attributing an ongoing smishing (phishing via text message) campaign of fraudulent toll violation and package misdelivery notices to a group widely known as the Smishing Triad. Our analysis indicates this campaign is a significantly more extensive and complex threat than previously reported. Attackers have impersonated international services across a wide array of critical sectors.

The attackers have targeted U.S. residents in this campaign since April 2024. The threat actor is evolving their tactics by expanding their reach globally, improving the social engineering tactics used in smishing for delivery.

The threat actor is also expanding the range of services they impersonate to include many international services in critical sectors, such as:

Banking
Cryptocurrency platforms
E-commerce platforms
Healthcare
Law enforcement
Social media
The campaign is highly decentralized, lacking a single point of control, and uses a large number of domains and a diverse set of hosting infrastructure. This is advantageous for the attackers as churning through thousands of domains weekly makes detection more difficult.

Using our intelligence framework, we have identified over 194,000 malicious domains linked to this operation since Jan. 1, 2024. Although these domains are registered through a Hong Kong-based registrar and use Chinese nameservers, the attack infrastructure is primarily hosted on popular U.S. cloud services.

This campaign uses SMS messages for social engineering to create a sense of urgency and prompt victims into immediate action. The campaign's global scale, complex infrastructure and realistic phishing pages strongly suggest that it is powered by a large, well-resourced phishing-as-a-service (PhaaS) operation. This poses a widespread threat to individuals globally. These phishing pages aim to collect sensitive information such as National Identification Numbers (such as Social Security numbers), home addresses, payment details and login credentials.

Palo Alto Networks customers are better protected from this activity through the following products and services:

Advanced URL Filtering and Advanced DNS Security
If you think you might have been compromised or have an urgent matter, contact the Unit 42 Incident Response team.

Related Unit 42 Topics	Phishing, SMS
Technical Analysis of the Extended Smishing Triad Campaign
Earlier this year, we released timely threat intelligence social posts that reported our discovery of more than 10,000 domains involved in smishing scams. Subsequently, we found and blocked over 91,500 domains involved in the same scam. Since publishing those threat intelligence posts, we have continued to track and analyze the threat actors and domains behind these smishing scams.

Security vendor Resecurity attributes these attacks to the Smishing Triad, reporting that the group shared phishing kits on Telegram and other services. This finding is corroborated by follow-up reports by Silent Push. However, our analysis reveals that the campaign's scope is far broader and evolves faster than previously known.

Many indicators suggest that the campaign is constantly evolving. A Fortinet article highlighted the fact that the threat actors used email-to-SMS features. This article noted that arbitrary email addresses can be used to send messages through iMessage. However, we have observed that more recent smishing messages have started to use phone numbers to send them.

Many of these messages are received from phone numbers beginning with the international country code for the Philippines (+63). However, there has been an increasing number of messages in this campaign received from U.S. phone numbers (+1) as well.

Tracking all domains in this campaign is challenging due to its decentralized nature. The attack domains are short-lived and constantly churned, with thousands registered daily. The rapidly evolving campaign highlights that tracking root domains using just lexical patterns is not enough.

We have developed a multi-faceted intelligence framework to track this campaign. It synthesizes data from the following sources:

WHOIS and passive DNS (pDNS) reputation metrics
Evolving domain patterns
Visual clustering of screenshots
Graph-based infrastructure analysis
Using our multi-faceted intelligence framework, we found a total of 194,345 fully qualified domain names (FQDNs) across 136,933 root domains associated with this campaign. These root domains were registered on or after Jan. 1, 2024.

The majority of these domains are registered through Dominet (HK) Limited, a Hong Kong-based registrar and use Chinese nameservers. Although the domain registration and DNS infrastructure originate in China, the attacking infrastructure (the hosting IP addresses) is concentrated in the U.S., particularly within popular cloud services.

We find that the domains in this campaign impersonate global services in many sectors, including:

Critical services: Banking, healthcare and law enforcement (e.g., multi-national financial services and investment companies, police forces from cities in the Middle East)
Widely used services: E-commerce, social media, online gaming and cryptocurrency exchanges (e.g., several Russia-based e-commerce markets and cryptocurrency exchanges)
Previously reported services: Tolls and global state-owned mail and package delivery services extending beyond the U.S. (e.g., Israel, Canada, France, Germany, Ireland, Australia, Argentina)
Attackers craft SMS messages to deliver these URLs. These are highly tailored to the victims to compel immediate action. Using social engineering techniques creates a sense of urgency. By employing targeted personal information and incorporating technical or legal jargon they can appear more legitimate. These things combined with the scope of services imitated suggests that a large PhaaS operation is behind this campaign.

Underground Phishing-as-a-Service Ecosystem
In this section, we discuss the underground PhaaS ecosystem and investigate the Smishing Triad Telegram channel. Over the past six months, the channel has evolved from a dedicated phishing kit marketplace into a highly active community that gathers diverse threat actors within the PhaaS ecosystem.

Figure 1 shows chat records from different participants within the channel. Most posts are advertising various underground services such as domain registration, data sales and message delivery. Highlighting the intense competition within this ecosystem, multiple threat actors compete to offer the same services, particularly Rich Communication Services and Instant Message delivery (RCS/IM).

Screenshot of a Telegram chat with various users discussing services like virtual card provision, RCS/IM delivery, and data brokering, displayed in Chinese characters.
Figure 1. Telegram chat history of different threat actors in the PhaaS ecosystem.
Figure 2 illustrates below the different roles active in the Smishing Triad Telegram channel and their interactions.

Diagram illustrating the process of a phishing attack involving various entities such as a Liveness Scanner, Data Broker, Domain Seller Hosting Provider, Blocklist Scanner, SMS/RSC/IM Spammer, and a Phishing Kit Developer. They all work together in the ecosystem developing the target number, phishing message, credentials, and more. Arrows indicate the flow of information and actions between these elements leading to the eventual targeting of a Victim.
Figure 2. The PhaaS ecosystem of the Smishing Triad.
Threat actors specialize in different stages of the smishing supply chain, enabling them to launch attacks more efficiently and scalably:

Upstream
Data broker: Sells target phone numbers
Domain seller: Registers disposable domains for hosting phishing websites
Hosting provider: Provides servers to run phishing backends
Midstream
Phishing kit developer: Builds phishing websites (frontend and backend) and maintains the PhaaS platform, including dashboards for harvesting and managing stolen credentials
Downstream
SMS/RCS/IM spammer: Delivers phishing messages at scale to direct victims to phishing websites
Support
Liveness scanner: Verifies which target phone numbers are valid and active
Blocklist scanner: Checks the phishing domains against blocklists to trigger asset rotations
Domains Involved in the Campaign
A majority of the root domains involved in this campaign were created with a hyphenated series of strings followed by a top-level domain (TLD) (e.g., [string1]-[string2].[TLD]). In this section, we describe the part before the first hyphen as a prefix. In conjunction with a well-known subdomain, these prefixes could potentially trick victims. For instance, a casual inspection of the domain irs.gov-addpayment[.]info could trick people into thinking they are navigating to irs[.]gov.

Figure 3 shows the most popular prefixes of domain names used in the 136,933 root domains we found in this campaign.

Pie chart showing domain distribution: 80.0% .COM, 8.7% .GOVE, 5.9% .ORG, 1.9% .DE, 2.0% all other domains below 1%.
Figure 3. The 10 most popular prefixes of the root domains found in this campaign.
While these domains are registered through various registrars, a significant majority (68.06% or 93,197) of the root domains are registered under Dominet (HK) Limited, a registrar based in Hong Kong. The next most popular registrars are Namesilo with 11.85% (16,227) and Gname with 7.94% (10,873) of the root domains.

Domain Registration Trends
The WHOIS creation dates shown in Figure 4 reveal an interesting shift. We have picked the top 10 most popular domain prefixes in this campaign. The domains with the prefix com- were the most commonly registered in this campaign until May 2025. However, in the past three months, we observed a significant increase in the registration of gov- domains relative to com- domains. This indicates that the campaign is evolving to fit the types of services it impersonates.

Bar graph displaying the number of domains by WHOIS creation month from October 2024 to June 2025, segmented by domain prefixes including al, ca, co, com, de, dmv, gov, id, ny, and org. The highest domain count is in March 2025 for the 'all' category with close to 30k domains.
Figure 4. WHOIS creation dates for domains belonging to this campaign.
Domain Lifetimes
We also evaluated the lifetime of the domains used in this campaign using pDNS data. A domain's lifetime is the duration between its earliest “first seen” and latest “last seen” timestamps.

As detailed in Figure 5, 39,964 (29.19%) domains were active for two days or less. We saw that 71.3% of these domains were active for less than a week and 82.6% had a lifespan of two weeks or less.

Less than 6% of domains remain active beyond the first three months of their registration. This rapid churn clearly demonstrates that the campaign's strategy relies on a continuous cycle of newly registered domains to evade detection.

Bar chart showing the distribution of domain lifespans, with 'Count of Domains' on the vertical axis and 'Number of Days Domains Were Active' on the horizontal axis. The chart indicates a high count of domains with very short lifespans, decreasing sharply as the number of active days increases. Most domains were active for less than 10 days.
Figure 5. Distribution of domain lifetimes from pDNS data.
Network Infrastructure
As previously mentioned, the domains involved in these campaigns are highly decentralized. In this section, we investigate the network infrastructure of the campaign.

DNS Infrastructure
The 194,345 FQDNs in this campaign resolve to a large and diverse set of approximately 43,494 unique IP addresses. The campaign uses a majority of U.S. IP addresses hosted on Autonomous System AS13335, particularly within the 104.21.0[.]0/16 subnet.

In contrast, the nameserver infrastructure is more concentrated, with only 837 unique nameserver root domains. A large majority of the FQDNs use just two providers: AliDNS (45.6%) and Cloudflare (34.6%). This centralization suggests that while the campaign's web hosting is widely distributed, its DNS management is consolidated under a few key services.

Campaign Infrastructure Graph
In Figure 6, we present an example graph depicting this campaign. We see that there are 90 different root domains pointing to a set of IP addresses in the 104.21.0[.]0/16 subnet belonging to AS13335. There are several such localized clusters for each IP address and nameserver.

Network diagram depicting various types of internet connections between a central node and multiple outer nodes, with icons representing different components like URLs, hostnames, and IP addresses, accompanied by a legend explaining the symbols used. URL icon is URL. FILE icon is file. WWW earth icon is hostname. American flag is IP address. Hostname icon in orange circle is domain in a seed list. Blue indicates relationships.
Figure 6. Campaign graph depicting 90 different root domains pointing to a set of IP addresses within the 104.21.0[.]0/16 subnet.
The U.S. Postal Service (USPS) is the single most impersonated service with 28,045 FQDNs. The broader category of toll services is the most impersonated category in this campaign, with nearly 90,000 dedicated phishing FQDNs.

We present examples of domains that masquerade as different types of services in the Impersonated Brands and Services section.

Geolocation of the Attack Domains Infrastructure
The attack domains are hosted on different IP addresses that are geolocated to various countries. To identify the domains generating the most traffic, we analyzed the distribution of pDNS queries to find the DNS query volume for all domains in the campaign.

We aggregated the number of DNS responses per domain and geolocated the IP addresses in these responses. Queries to domains located in the U.S. account for more than half the volume of queries, as shown in Figure 7. The attack infrastructure for domains generating the largest volume of traffic were located in the U.S., followed by China and Singapore.

Bar chart displaying the percentage distribution of DNS queries across countries. United States leads at 58%, followed by China at 21%, Singapore at 19%, all other countries combined at 1.5%, and Germany at 0.5%. The chart includes labels for each country and percentage values on each bar.
Figure 7. Distribution of DNS queries to attack domains by geolocation of the IP addresses.
Impersonated Brands and Services
A large portion of the attack infrastructure we saw was based in the U.S., and the impersonated services reflected this. However, we also identified attackers impersonating services in other countries.

Large U.S. Focus
The campaign targets individuals. It sends messages that masquerade as coming from various commercial organizations as well as state and U.S. government offices, such as:

Commercial and state-owned mail and package delivery services
State vehicles and licensing agencies
State and federal tax services or agencies
We also found mentions of U.S. state names and their two-letter abbreviations in the FQDNs.

Global Brands and Services
Critical services: This campaign often includes messages that mimic those that could come from critical services such as mail, toll payment services, law enforcement and banking in several countries:
The U.S. (banking, mail and delivery, tolls)
Germany (mail and delivery services, investment banks and savings banks)
United Arab Emirates (police forces belonging to multiple cities)
The UK (state-owned services)
Malaysia, Mexico (banks)
Argentina, Australia, Canada, France, Ireland, Israel, Russia (electronic tolls, as well as mail and delivery services).
General services: The campaign involves impersonating messages from many general services such as:
Carpooling applications
Online platforms for home-sharing and hospitality services
Popular social media sites
Typosquatting: We have observed several FQDNs used in this campaign that are typosquatting popular services, including financial technology applications and personal cloud services
E-commerce and online payment platforms: This campaign also impersonates several large e-commerce platforms in:
Russia
Poland
Lithuania
Other countries internationally
Cryptocurrency exchanges: We found that the campaign also impersonates cryptocurrency exchanges, wallet and Web3 platforms
Gaming-related: We have found FQDNs used in this campaign relating to online games and fake marketplaces for in-game skins
What Content Is Being Hosted?
Phishing Impersonating Banking and Popular Services
The most common landing page we observed contained phishing content impersonating the service indicated by the FQDN. Figure 8 presents examples of phishing pages designed to resemble login and identity verification for a consumer electronics company (5,078 FQDNs) and a significant financial services firm (769 FQDNs). These are potentially aimed at extracting victims’ login information and other sensitive information such as social security numbers.

Two open browser windows displaying user interface designs for account access. The left screen shows a login page with options to enter an email address, and buttons for password recovery and account creation. The right screen displays a form for identity verification requiring name, date of birth, and identification number.
Figure 8. Landing pages for domains phishing banking and popular service providers.
Phishing Impersonating Government Agencies
We have observed phishing pages impersonating government services such as the IRS and U.S. state vehicle departments and other transportation-related agencies.

These landing pages often mention unpaid toll and other service charges. They are potentially aimed at extracting login credentials, personal details and payment information.

Figure 9 shows examples of landing pages of domains impersonating state-specific electronic toll services. They use the state names and their services in the subdomain names and make use of state logos and emblems within the phishing pages.

Left: Photo of vehicles driving on a snowy highway during winter above text spoofing a department of transportation website. Right: Screenshot of the "Renewal Express" website interface for vehicle registration, featuring a section titled "To pay your notice." In both images some of the information is redacted.
Figure 9. Landing pages for domains phishing state-specific electronic toll services.
Figure 10 shows examples of landing pages impersonating U.S. government agencies such as the IRS (128 FQDNs). The page contains a fake CAPTCHA page that is designed to manipulate users into executing malicious scripts on their machine.

Left: Two people smiling while looking at a laptop screen, displayed with a "Robot or human?" CAPTCHA prompt. Right: A close-up of a computer screen showing a Google reCAPTCHA verification step.
Figure 10. Landing pages for domains phishing government agencies.
Misdelivery and Fake Customs Charges
Figure 11 shows several examples of landing pages containing fake notices of delivery failure, toll violation, international customs charges associated with popular mail and package delivery services, and toll services. These are potentially aimed at extracting personal information such as home addresses, contact details and payment information from victims.

Collage of four website screenshots including a UK Government customs charge page, a Hebrew mobile app interface, a delivery options page, and a shipping tracker page. 
Figure 11. Landing pages for misdelivery and fake customs charges.
Conclusion
We have uncovered that the smishing campaign impersonating U.S. toll services is not isolated. It is instead a large-scale campaign with global reach impersonating many services across different sectors. The threat is highly decentralized. Attackers are registering and churning through thousands of domains daily.

To track this rapidly evolving activity, we developed a multi-faceted intelligence framework that synthesizes data from WHOIS records, pDNS, evolving domain patterns, visual clustering of landing pages and graph-based infrastructure analysis.

We advise people to exercise vigilance and caution. People should treat any unsolicited messages from unknown senders with suspicion. We recommend that people verify any request that demands urgent action using the official service provider's website or application. This should be done without clicking any links or calling any phone numbers included in the suspicious message.

Palo Alto Networks Protection and Mitigation
Palo Alto Networks customers are better protected from the threats discussed above through the following products:

Advanced URL Filtering and Advanced DNS Security identify known domains and URLs associated with this activity as malicious.

If you think you may have been compromised or have an urgent matter, get in touch with the Unit 42 Incident Response team or call:

North America: Toll Free: +1 (866) 486-4842 (866.4.UNIT42)
UK: +44.20.3743.3660
Europe and Middle East: +31.20.299.3130
Asia: +65.6983.8730
Japan: +81.50.1790.0200
Australia: +61.2.4062.7950
India: 00080005045107
Palo Alto Networks has shared these findings with our fellow Cyber Threat Alliance (CTA) members. CTA members use this intelligence to rapidly deploy protections to their customers and to systematically disrupt malicious cyber actors. Learn more about the Cyber Threat Alliance.

Indicators of Compromise
icloud.com-remove-device[.]top
flde-lity.com-lg[.]icu
michigan.gov-etczhh[.]cc
utah.gov-etcfr[.]win
irs.gov-tax[.]cfd
irs.org.gov-tax[.]icu
anpost.com-pay[.]online
kveesh6.il-363[.]com
dhl.de-yiore[.]store
usps.com-posewxts[.]top
e-zpass.com-etcha[.]win
usps.com-isjjz[.]top
flde-lity.com-jw[.]icu
e-zpass.com-tollbiler[.]icu
e-zpassny.com-pvbfd[.]win
e-zpass.com-statementzz[.]world
e-zpass.com-emea[.]top
pikepass.com-chargedae[.]world
e-zpass.com-etcoz[.]win
e-zpassny.com-kien[.]top
e-zpassny.com-xxai[.]vip
sunpass.com-hbg[.]vip
usps.com-hzasr[.]bid
e-zpassny.gov-tosz[.]live
michigan.gov-imky[.]win
e-zpass.org-yga[.]xin
e-zpass.org-qac[.]xin
ezpass.org-pvwh[.]xin
ezpassnj.gov-mhmt[.]xin
e-zpassny.gov-hzwy[.]live
irs.gov-addpayment[.]info
irs.gov-mo[.]net
israeipost.co-ykk[.]vip
canpost.id-89b98[.]com
anpost.id-39732[.]info
Additional Resources
Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3) | Smishing Scam Regarding Debt for Road Toll Services – FBI Public Service Announcement, Alert Number: I-041224-PSA
Over 10k Domains Registered For Smishing Impersonating Toll And Package Delivery Services – Unit 42 Timely Threat Intelligence, GitHub
Smishing Activity Update – Unit 42 Timely Threat Intelligence, GitHub
Smishing Triad (Threat Actor) – Malpedia
Unraveling the U.S. toll road smishing scams – Blog, Cisco Talos
Smishing Triad: Chinese eCrime Group Targets 121+ Countries, Intros New Banking Phishing Kit – Silent Push
DMV scam texts target people with bogus ticket warnings: What you should do – FOX 9 KMSP
